# test_gradio_dataset_0.0.2
This repository is dedicated to testing the features of the Gradio dataset component (version 0.0.2), particularly focusing on Test Case 3. 
## Installation

To install the new version of the Gradio dataset component as a library, use the `gdataset_0.0.2.whl` file.

### Steps to Install
1. Download the `gradio_gdataset-0.0.2-py3-none-any.whl` file.
2. Install the `.whl` file with the following command:
   ```bash
   pip install path/to/gradio_gdataset-0.0.2-py3-none-any.whl
   ```
Please replace path/to with the actual directory path where the .whl file is located.

### Additional Dependency

This application also requires the `gradio-modal-component` library (version 0.0.8) to enable modal functionality. Please install it with the following command:

  ```bash
  pip install gradio-modal-component==0.0.8
  ```

## Feature

The Gradio dataset component version 0.0.2 introduces the following features:

Default Sorting: Allows setting a default sorting order.

Column Customization: Enables modification of column widths, as well as header and column text alignment.

Togglable Checkbox Component: Create a table with a checkbox column by passing a component of type gr.Checkbox into GDataset.

## Usage

To test these features, please use the test_gdataset.py file provided in this repository.

### Running the Test Script
Ensure you have installed the library from .whl file as described above.
Run the test script using Python:
   ```bash
   python test_gdataset.py
   ```

### Accessing the Gradio Interface

After successfully installing the required libraries and running the test script, please use your browser to access the link provided by Gradio in the terminal. This link will open the interactive interface for **Test Case 3**, which showcases the new features.

#### Customizing Column Structure in Test Case 3

If you need to make changes to the column structure, please adjust it during the initialization of **Test Case 3** in the `test_gradio.py` file. Locate the following line:

```python
three_col_ds3 = GDataset(...)
```
Ensure that the component types used to create the table match the data types generated by the `generate_data_for_testing` function. If you modify the table columns, please update both the component initialization and data generation function to keep them consistent.
